The Employee Anti-Handbook Handbook 
We're Verbat. We're changing the world and we are willing to rethink everything.

We're a tech company unlike any other tech company. We are a services company unlike any other services company.

We're different and we like it that way. Being different allows us to do what no one else is doing; to do what others tell us is impossible.

If you're looking for a traditional employee handbook filled with policies and rules, you wont find one. 
Policies and rules tell you where the bottom is - they tell you how badly you can perform before you get shown the door. That's not us.

We prefer to have incredibly high standards and to hire exceptional people who enjoy pushing the themselves to perform 
at the highest levels every day. We want to surround ourselves with people driven to to do the right things and act with 
integrity even when no one is looking.

Is this you? If so, we're glad you're here  and we look forward to doing amazing things together. If this isn't you, you'll be
more successful somewhere else. We don't mean to sound harsh; it's just the truth.

Some of Our High Standards
If you're reading this, you are probably new to Verbat and have questions about how some basic things play around here. Here's what
we think you should know to get started. As for everything else, such as information about our policies, meal and rest breaks, time off,
check the internal website or just ask.

Trust
We give everyone who joins our team a lot of trust and responsibility. We operate with the assumption that everyone will do the right thing,
including you. The truth is some people have violated this trust or ignored their responsibilities. We won't change  our approach 
because of the few who have let us down. Instead, we let them go.

Communication
Anyone at Verbat can and should email or talk to anyone else according to what they think is the fastest way to solve a problem for the 
benefit of the whole company. You can talk with your manager, you can talk directly to the CEO, you can talk directly to Saju - 
you can talk to anyone without anyone else's permission. Moreover, you should consider yourself obligated to do so until the right
thing happens.

Job Duties
It's your responsibility to understand what's expected of you. Your manager should explain your responsibilities and what's expected; however
if you are unclear at anytime, ask "No one told me" is an excuse that will never fly here.

Your #1 job - everyone's #1 job - is making the company a success. If you see opportunities to improve the way we do things, speak up even if 
these are outside your area of responsibility. You have a personal stake in Verbat's success so make suggestions and share your ideas. Your 
good ideas mean nothing if you keep them to yourself.

Goals and Feedback
You and your manager are are encouraged to discuss your performance and goals on an informal, day-to-day basis. If you would like feedback
or any other input from your manager, take initiative and ask. Do not wait for your manager to initiate a conversation or for a 
company-initiated review process to get the feedback you need to perform at a high level. 

Attendance
If you're the kind of person who holds yourself to the highest standards, our "attendance policy" is exactly what you'd expect it to be: Be
the kind of person your team can rely on. Be here when you're suppose to be here. We need you. We can't get things done when you aren't here.

If you can't be here, notify your manager as soon as possible and talk about what's going on. Your manager will be reasonable and 
respectful if you are. 

If you can't be reliable, this isn't the place for you. You'll be asked to leave (and it might not be a choice)

Tardiness
"you're tardy" is something kids are told in school. This isn't school. Plan to be here on time, ready to start work when you're scheduled. 
Traffic accidents happen, we get that but they don't happen every Monday during cricket season. 

Sick Days
If you're sick, stay home. Don't get the rest of us sick. Contact your manager by any means possible as soon as you can, ideally before you're 
scheduled start time. If you've accrued Paid Time Off (PTO) use it and you'll be paid for that day.

Vacations
We know you need time off so schedule it in advance, get your managers approval, and then take it. Use your PTO, that's what it is there for. 
Keep in mind that every vacation request can't be accommodated. Others may have already requested the same days off or critical deadlines 
may create vacation blackout periods. 

No Call, No Show
Our assumption will be that if your don't call and don't show up for work, you're a jerk. You better have a really good reason for not 
letting us know wjy you didn't come in or you're out of here. One time is enough.

Outside Employment
You may hold a job with another company as long as you perform your job here well and you aren't compromising anything confidential
or proprietary.

We won't cut you any slack because you have another job - you will be judged by the same standards as everyone else. If your other job 
interferes with your performance, you may be asked to terminate that job if you wish to remain with Verbat.

Stupid Stuff
If you do something stupid, depending on the circumstances you may be coached and given another chance or you may be asked to leave. We can't 
afford to waste our time dealing with stupid stuff when we have so many important things to get done. 
If you need them, here are some examples of stupid things that people do:
- Stealing or deliberately damaging company property.
- Disclosing confidential company information.
- Harassing or bullying others.
- physically hurting someone or threatening violence.
- Possessing illegal drugs.
- Possessing explosives, weapons or firearms.

The list could go on and on. If you're the kind of person who might do something that could be on a list of stupid stuff, do us all a favor and 
leave now.

Fun
Make sure you are having fun at work - meet new friends, push yourself in new ways, try new things. If you are'nt having fun at some level, you'll 
be unhappy. We don't want that.We want you to work hard, love what you do, and have fun.

Moral of the Story
The theme of the above standards is simple.; just behave like the sort of person you want as your co-worker. Treat everyone like  how you want to be 
treated. Verbat must be the kind of company where people look forward to coming to work in the morning. Life is too short for anything else.

